(BORUTO) The age of shinobi
is over.
I can't believe
you went this far, Kawaki.
I'm going to send you
to the same place
I sent the Seventh Hokage,
Boruto.
Guess this was
the only possible outcome...
That's right.
The age of shinobi is over!
Even so...
I'm still...
...a shinobi!
This story begins
several years earlier...
[surprised murmuring]
Hey!
[grunts]
Wait up, Boruto!
Is it really that bad?!
Yeah, it's bad.
It's really bad.
What kept you so long,
Lord Hokage?
You don't have much time left
at this point.
It's tomorrow, huh...?
Please hurry...
...or won't be done
by the entrance ceremony.
Guess I'm gonna be here
all night again.
[relieved sigh]
I barely made it!
The limited edition
green chili burger!
It's the last day
they're serving it!
Why do I keep hanging out
with you?
‐ You don't want yours?
‐ I didn't say that.
[biting and chewing]
Mmm!
[shocked]
Spicy!
What is in this?!
So good right?
I don't believe this.
You know, you're impossible...
[sipping and gasping]
I gotta say,
this train is
really convenient.
I hardly have to walk at all,
now that we've got this.
Yeah, the Hidden Leaf Village
is getting
more and more modern.
Hmmm.
But of course,
starting tomorrow,
we still have to attend
that old‐fashioned
Ninja Academy.
What?! That's tomorrow?!
There's a lot of stuff
to get ready.
Didn't you do any of it?
Uh...
(SHIKADAI)
I mean, didn't your dad
tell you about it?
[annoyed groan]
Maybe...
[sigh]
Boruto... listen.
Don't go doing anything
that's gonna
embarrass your dad, okay?
'Cause it'll make me
look bad, too.
Seriously?!
You may not know this...
but your mom always tells me
to watch out for you.
[mouth being stuffed]
She does?
See... It's like this train.
Hmmm?
If it stays on the tracks,
it gets to
its destination easily.
So just sit tight
till you get there.
What're you talking about?
I'm only telling you
that you should behave.
See ya.
Don't be late
on the first day!
Ah, Shut up!
Hmph!
This has nothing to do
with Dad at all.
You'll see!
I'll show you one day!
(CONDUCTOR)
Where are your parents?
That's dangerous!
Oh! Sorry, man!
My bad! 'Kay, bye!
Whoah! Phew. Huh?
[sipping]
[grunt]
(BULLY A)
Denki, this is all you've got?
Isn't that enough?
Well, yeah kinda,
but maybe not... Right guys?
Right, guys?
Yeah! You see, we wanna
have some fun, too.
(DENKI)
Huh...?
Yeah! Huh... Ahhh!
[gasp] Huh?
What the‐‐?!
Sorry. I guess my hand
must've slipped.
What did you say?
You crazy?!
You wanna get hurt?!
Tell you what,
give him back his wallet,
and I'll let this slide.
‐ Huh?
‐ Come down and say that!
Hmph!
A ninja?!
Uh oh!
[pained grunt]
Omph!
What the‐‐!
Are you kidding?!
Who gives a crap
about ninjas?!
[grunting and tripping]
‐ Here.
‐ [startled]
Y‐You...
Look, kid,
don't be so uncool...
Huh?!
Hey, aren't you guys done
messing with that kid yet?
[gasp]
Hmmm?
What do you
think you're doing?!
Come on,
‐ we'd better get out of here.
‐ Okay!
[grunt]
[heavy breathing and
relieved sigh]
Hey, you doing
okay over there?!
No, I'm not okay!
Now more of them
will just come
after me tomorrow!
Hm?
That money was just
spare change for me...
Whoa, hold on,
are you kidding me...?
[sigh]
Doesn't it piss you off?
You gotta teach 'em a lesson!
I can't.
I'm not strong like you...
Huh?!
I saw what you did back there.
You know ninjutsu, right?
Do you go to
the Ninja Academy?
Oh, uh, no...
Well, I start tomorrow.
What? Tomorrow?
That's when I start, too.
Oh? Really? Cool!
Nice to meet ya!
(DENKI)
It's what my father wants.
To inherit his company,
he said I gotta learn
academics and ninjutsu.
Oh man, that sucks!
So what's the name of
your business?
[sipping]
The Kaminarimon Company.
[spitting]
That's the biggest company
in the whole village!
Can I put in a pre‐order
for when the next release
comes out?
Sure...
Still, I don't get it...
Why's he so hung up on
you learning ninjutsu?
(DENKI) My father was shinobi
in the Fourth Great Ninja War.
He believes
his achievements in battle
led to his success
in business.
So, he has great faith
in ninja.
But do you want
to become a ninja?
Not really...
Then don't pay
any attention to him!
I couldn't do that.
I've never disobeyed him...
Ah, give me a break!
At least you get to
see him at home!
Huh?
My stupid old man
only thinks about work
and ignores his own family.
Oh. Really?
So whenever I disobey my dad,
he isn't around to punish me!
Hmmm...
Look, seriously,
who cares what your dad says?
Just do whatever you want
and teach him a lesson!
Teach him a lesson...?
Yeah! That's what I always do!
You see, I have a secret plan.
I'm right in the middle of it,
but keeping it hidden
from my mom is really hard.
And‐‐ [gasp]
‐ What time is it?
‐ [gasp]
It's about seven o'clock...
Ahhh! My mom's gonna kill me!
Huh?
I thought you didn't
get punished for disobeying...
Mom's a different story.
She's really scary
when she's mad!
'Kay, bye!
Denki, never let anyone
pick on you!
Teach 'em a lesson!
Okay!
[chuckle]
Whoa...
Huh?
[gasp and chuckle]
Teach 'em a lesson...
[chuckle]
I'm home!
Boruto, you said you'd be home
for the celebration dinner.
Oh. Sorry, Mom.
Shikadai wouldn't let me go...
Well, Shikadai has a good
head on his shoulders,
but you on the other hand,
tend to get into trouble.
‐ Trouble!
‐ [giggles]
So what're we having
for dinner tonight?
Guess what!
I helped make it!
(BORUTO) Oh, yeah?
I can't wait!
Boruto, wash your hands!
(BORUTO)
Okay!
(BORUTO and HIMAWARI)
Woah!
[chuckle]
I can't believe
you're already starting
at the Academy tomorrow...
‐ [excited sigh]
‐ I met your father
when we were at the Academy.
I've heard that
a hundred times, ya know.
He was always
causing mischief,
so people treated him
like a problem child.
But he was actually very cool.
(BORUTO) I've heard that
a hundred times, too!
[chuckle]
(HINATA)
I thought for sure
your father would
be home tonight...
(BORUTO)
Yeah, what's new...?
He just keeps ignoring
you and Himawari!
[moaning]
(HINATA)
Don't complain.
This village stays safe
because your father and
many others protect it.
Let's just enjoy our meal.
There's not even an enemy
for them to protect us from
anymore.
Look, Boruto...
fighting isn't
the only duty a ninja has.
The Hokage has a lot to do
to make sure people can
live safely in peace.
(HINATA) You're going to
learn that starting tomorrow
at the Academy, too.
It's something
that's very important.
Hmph!
So uncool...
[pained grunt]
Denki, you're the heir to
the Kaminarimon Company!
General Studies aren't enough!
But, Father...
I just‐‐
‐ (DENKI'S FATHER) Pitiful...
‐ [gasp]
(DENKI'S FATHER)
I know you had a run in
with some bullies
again today.
How can you ever an end
to this type of behavior
unless you get trained
at the Academy?!
I...
Who cares what
your dad says?
Just do whatever you want
and teach him a lesson!
So I just have to get strong.
Is that what you
want me to do?
That's right.
If I prove it to you,
then you'll let me study
whatever I want to?
If you prove it.
[sigh]
I need strength.
I don't have
any kind of power.
Then I'll just have to prove
that I have it, right...?
Prove my strength.
No, no, no, no, no!
Move, dude!
This is bad!
You're gonna be late!
(BORUTO)
Yeah, I know!
Will you be able to
make it?
(BORUTO) No worries!
I got this!
Ahhh!
I'm just kidding!
[grunts]
[chuckle]
Sleeping in,
then taking the train
to school!
Ninja Academy,
this is going to be so easy.
And look at that!
Here comes my ride!
Oh look, it's Denki.
Hmmm?
Hold on... What's that?
[groan]
Wait, where'd he go?
Ahh! He's taking
the train too!
I think he and I
are gonna get along!
What did you wanna
talk about, Denki?
What? You want revenge?
You called us out,
so let's do this!
What's the deal, huh?
Hey...
Oh! Lucky!
‐ Look!
‐ Hmmm?
There's some here, too.
This looks sketchy.
So what if it does?
Let's just grab what we can.
I mean, what could it hurt?!
Yeah! That's right!
What?! Omph!
(DENKI) You guys are
so simpleminded.
It's Denki!
Why that‐‐!
What're you thinking?!
Just knock it off!
What's going on?!
This is one of
our company's prototypes.
But there were a lot
of problems with it...
[gasps]
(DENKI)
It's defective.
Just like you guys.
What're you saying, huh?
We were just having
a little fun with you!
A little fun...?!
You see that?
I put another defective car
on the same track.
But it's empty.
You get it now?
Just a little collision
of defective goods...
Nothing important...
[gasps]
Y‐You've gotta be
kidding, right?
(BORUTO)
Hey, knock it off!
What are you doing here?
I just happened to see you.
Aren't you going to
the entrance ceremony?
Who cares about all that?
I need to show father
my power.
And prove that I'm strong.
I think you've made
your point!
No, not yet.
I must prove
that I'm strong
beyond any doubt.
[pained grunt]
It's happening again.
Denki, just stop this!
You're going to have
to make me stop.
Oh, the first railroad switch
is about to pass by.
‐ It's all yours.
‐ Wha‐‐?!
[grunt]
Ughhh!
Too bad.
What on earth
happened to you, Denki?
My father's word is absolute.
What's that?!
I have to have his approval.
Or else I...
Forget about that!
You don't need approval!
Can't you do anything
without worrying about
what other people will think?
Make your own decisions!
[gasp]
[pained groan]
Hey, what's the matter?!
(BULLY A)
Hey!
‐ [whimpering]
‐ What're you doing?
‐ Look ahead!
‐ It's coming, man!
The other train!
[gasp and grunt]
Why...?
Why did I do this?!
[chuckle]
I'll take care of it!
[deep inhale and exhale]
Shadow Clone Jutsu!
Let's do this!
‐ Right!
Huh?
[gasp]
Denki!
[confident grunt]
Boruto!
[determined yell]
[straining]
Wow! Nice one, Denki!
Yeah, except I can't hold on!
Huh?!
(DENKI)
[straining]
(BORUTO)
Hang on just a little longer!
You can do it, Denki!
[straining]
‐ Ahhh!
[whimper and gasp]
[relieved sigh]
We're okay now, guys...
What?! Speak for yourself!
It was kinda fun, though.
‐ Uh... No, it wasn't! Hm?
‐ No, it wasn't! Hm?
(BORUTO) Relax,
I was just kidding!
(BULLY B)
It's not funny!
[chuckling]
[gasp]
[gasps]
What do we do now?!
It's falling apart!
Let's jump to the other one.
Huh?!
Let's go!
You're right.
Come on! Go!
(BULLY A)
Yeah! Go! Go!
(BORUTO)
Hurry!
[grunts]
C'mon!
‐ Huh?
Sorry, but we've got
somewhere we need to go!
Yeah, Denki's right.
But we're never
gonna get there
if we just stay on
these tracks!
Cho‐Cho Akimichi.
Here.
Wasabi Izumo.
(WASABI)
Here!
Boruto Uzumaki.
Boruto Uzumaki!
Are you here?
Did he say Uzumaki...?
Wait, that Uzumaki?!
‐ What's the matter?
‐ [yawn]
Dammit, Boruto...
‐ Even I made it on time.
‐ Where is he?
That's so like him.
‐ Hey. You listening, Sarada?
‐ Hm?
You just stay put, alright?
You have a nice, warm,
welcoming speech to give.
And it's just about time.
[annoyed grunt]
Huh?
[gasps]
[relieved sigh]
We made it.
Boruto Uzumaki...
has arrived on the scene,
ya know!
B‐Boruto...
[gasps]
Damn it...
One hell of a way
to embarrass your dad...
(SHIKAMARU) Alright,
don't just stand there.
Clear these students out!
[gasp]
[grunts]
Time out!
I'm sorry,
Big Brother Konohamaru.
Funny, but you don't even
look a little bit sorry...
And starting today,
you'll call me Sensei!
Huh? Well that
just sounds weird...
(KONOHAMARU)
What do you mean, weird?!
(BORUTO) Oh! Hey!
Denki, you doing okay?
We made
the entrance ceremony!
What?!
You got another kid involved
in this madness of yours?!
(BORUTO)
So what? We're fine!
(KONOHAMARU)
What's "fine" about all this?
(BORUTO)
Yeah, yeah.
You are so‐‐!
Boruto Uzumaki, huh...?
(BORUTO) Also, I'm never
gonna call you Sensei!
(KONOHAMARU)
What's with your attitude?!
Look, Boruto,
why don't you try
‐ listening sometime!
‐ (BORUTO) Ow, ow, ow!
They drove off the tracks with
that Thunder Rail prototype
and hit a Great Stone Face.
I mean, no one was hurt,
so everything's okay, but...
[chuckle]
Sorry...
Well, this is from
the president of
the Kaminarimon Company.
‐ Hm?
‐ (SHIKAMARU) He wants to pay
for all the repairs and
damages to the village.
Hm?
(SHIKAMARU) Seems Boruto
stuck up for his son.
They're classmates.
So despite everything
that happened,
he's quite grateful to Boruto.
He says that his son has
changed because of him.
Hmmm...
I see...
[sigh] Man, I wonder
what's gonna happen
to my easy life at
the Academy now...
Hm?
Hey, long time no see!
Oh, good morning, Boruto!
[chuckle] Well,
my suspension's finally done!
It really should've been me
who was punished
for everything that happened.
So why'd you take
the blame for me?
Hm? Oh, that?
Eh, it's no big deal.
Huh?
Hey, come on!
We arrived at the entrance
ceremony with a bang!
So, thanks!
No...
Thank you, Boruto.
For everything.
Huh? What's wrong?
Nah, it's nothing at all.
But I wonder what
that glow was...
Oh! Good morning!
Mornin'...
(CHO‐CHO) Huh, is that
the new kid?
Dunno... Mr. Kaminarimon
should be careful.
Stupidity's contagious.
Hm?
Wait, so you...
That's right.
‐ I'm in the ninjutsu course.
‐ [grunt]
You're taking it for your dad?
Oh, no.
I think ninjutsu is
awesome now.
I'm so excited to
learn new jutsu...
and then try to combine
them with science.
Wow, really?
If that's what you want,
then I think that's great!
(CHO‐CHO)
Denki!
‐ Huh?
Hey, can I take a look at
your homework?
Yeah, sure!
[chuckle]
But what do you do
instead of homework
after school?
(CHO‐CHO)
Did you just...
Is that really something
you'd ask a lady?
(BORUTO)
Whatever path I choose,
it won't have anything
to do with my dad.
I'll walk my own path.
'Cuz this...
is my story!
(BORUTO) From this day on...
I'm going to be
the star here!
(INOJIN) Hmph... Riding on
the Hokage's coattails...
(INOJIN)
Oops, did I accidentally
say that out loud just now?
(CHO‐CHO) I know you've been
like this for a long time,
but why do you always
shoot your mouth off?
(INOJIN) Oh, sorry.
If I offended,
I take it back...
although...
(BORUTO) Next time on Boruto:
Naruto Next Generations:
The Hokage's Son!!
(INOJIN) I just don't think
you're worthy of my trust.